docsrc/docextract-intro.rst, before:

OCR With DocumentExtraction
***************************

Introduction
============

The Indico Platform includes a sophisticated OCR engine that's capable of extracting raw
text from a variety of document formats including PDF and TIF. OCR functionality is provided
by the ``DocumentExtraction`` class. Here's how to OCR one document with DocumentExtraction::

    from indico import IndicoClient
    from indico.queries import JobStatus, RetrieveStorageObject, DocumentExtraction

    # here, IndicoClient assumes you have your api token in your home directory
    # and host set as an env variable
    client = IndicoClient()
    files_to_extract = client.call(DocumentExtraction(files=['./path_to_document.pdf']))
    extracted_file = client.call(JobStatus(id=files_to_extract[0].id, wait=True))
    result = client.call(RetrieveStorageObject(extracted_file.result))

In this example, given the path to a document, we called DocumentExtraction with a single file and waited for the result.
With most use cases, this is all you will need to do. The returned 'result' will either be a dictionary (if
document-level text and/or metadata are requested) or a list of dictionaries (where each dictionary contains
the text for a unique page/block).

``DocumentExtraction`` is highly configurable. You can customize settings at the document, page, block, token or
character level. You can also choose from a selection of preset configurations. You configure DocumentExtraction
by passing in a Python dictionary or JSON string.

Here's an Example::

    my_ocr_config = {
        "preset_config": "standard"
    }

    job = client.call(DocumentExtraction(files=['./path_to_doc.pdf'], json_config=my_ocr_config))


Preset Configurations
=====================

Setting::

    "preset_config": "simple"
    "preset_config": "legacy"
    "preset_config": "detailed"
    "preset_config": "ondocument"
    "preset_config": "standard"

Five preset ocr configurations are provided: ``legacy``, ``simple``, ``ondocument``, ``standard``,
and ``detailed``.

Most users will only need to use "standard" to get both document and page-level text and block positions in
a nested response format (returned object is a nested dictionary).

The "simple" configuration provides a basic and fast (3-5x faster) OCR option for native PDFs- i.e. it will
*not* work with scanned documents. Returns document, page, and block-level text and the returned object is a
nested dictionary.

The "legacy" configuration is principally intended for users who ran Indico's original pdf_extraction function to extract
text and train models. Use "legacy" if you are adding samples to models that were trained with data using
the original pdf_extraction. It returns a dictionary containing only the extracted text at the document-level.

The "detailed" configuration provides OCR metrics and details down to the character level- it's a lot of data.
In addition to document, page, and block-level text, it provides information on the text font/size,
confidence level for extracted characters, alternative characters (i.e. second most probable character), character
position information, and more. It returns a nested dictionary.

"ondocument" provides similar information to "detailed" but does not include text/metadata at the
document-level. It returns a list of dictionaries where each dictionary is page data.

The exact settings included in "legacy", "simple", "ondocument", "standard", and "detailed"
are shown on the :doc:`docextract_settings` page.

There are many, many more settings available in DocumentExtraction to suit your application.

:doc:`docextract_settings`

Commit message:

added an example OCR object and how to parse it

docsrc/docextract-intro.rst, after:

OCR With DocumentExtraction
***************************

Introduction
============

The Indico Platform includes a sophisticated OCR engine that's capable of extracting raw
text from a variety of document formats including PDF and TIF. OCR functionality is provided
by the ``DocumentExtraction`` class. Here's how to OCR one document with DocumentExtraction::

    from indico import IndicoClient
    from indico.queries import JobStatus, RetrieveStorageObject, DocumentExtraction

    # here, IndicoClient assumes you have your api token in your home directory
    # and host set as an env variable
    client = IndicoClient()
    files_to_extract = client.call(DocumentExtraction(files=['./path_to_document.pdf']))
    extracted_file = client.call(JobStatus(id=files_to_extract[0].id, wait=True))
    result = client.call(RetrieveStorageObject(extracted_file.result))

In this example, given the path to a document, we called DocumentExtraction with a single file and waited for the result.
With most use cases, this is all you will need to do. The returned 'result' will either be a dictionary (if
document-level text and/or metadata are requested) or a list of dictionaries (where each dictionary contains
the text for a unique page/block). The following example demonstrates the output for a PDF document using the 
'standard' configuration. 

.. image:: ocr_output.png

``DocumentExtraction`` is highly configurable. You can customize settings at the document, page, block, token or
character level. You can also choose from a selection of preset configurations. You configure DocumentExtraction
by passing in a Python dictionary or JSON string.

Here's an Example::

    my_ocr_config = {
        "preset_config": "standard"
    }

    job = client.call(DocumentExtraction(files=['./path_to_doc.pdf'], json_config=my_ocr_config))


Preset Configurations
=====================

Setting::

    "preset_config": "simple"
    "preset_config": "legacy"
    "preset_config": "detailed"
    "preset_config": "ondocument"
    "preset_config": "standard"

Five preset ocr configurations are provided: ``legacy``, ``simple``, ``ondocument``, ``standard``,
and ``detailed``.

Most users will only need to use "standard" to get both document and page-level text and block positions in
a nested response format (returned object is a nested dictionary).

The "simple" configuration provides a basic and fast (3-5x faster) OCR option for native PDFs- i.e. it will
*not* work with scanned documents. Returns document, page, and block-level text and the returned object is a
nested dictionary.

The "legacy" configuration is principally intended for users who ran Indico's original pdf_extraction function to extract
text and train models. Use "legacy" if you are adding samples to models that were trained with data using
the original pdf_extraction. It returns a dictionary containing only the extracted text at the document-level.

The "detailed" configuration provides OCR metrics and details down to the character level- it's a lot of data.
In addition to document, page, and block-level text, it provides information on the text font/size,
confidence level for extracted characters, alternative characters (i.e. second most probable character), character
position information, and more. It returns a nested dictionary.

"ondocument" provides similar information to "detailed" but does not include text/metadata at the
document-level. It returns a list of dictionaries where each dictionary is page data.

The exact settings included in "legacy", "simple", "ondocument", "standard", and "detailed"
are shown on the :doc:`docextract_settings` page.

There are many, many more settings available in DocumentExtraction to suit your application.

:doc:`docextract_settings`
